Nissan Patrol

The Nissan Patrol is a series of full-size SUVs manufactured by Nissan in Japan and sold throughout the world.

The Patrol has been available as either a short-wheelbase (SWB) three-door or a long-wheelbase (LWB) five-door chassis since 1951. The LWB version has been offered in pickup truck and cab chassis variants. Between 1988 and 1994, Ford Australia marketed the Patrol as the Ford Maverick. In some European countries, such as Spain, the Patrol was marketed by Ebro as the Ebro Patrol. In 1980 in Japan, it was rebadged and alternately sold at Nissan Prince Store locations as the Nissan Safari.

The Patrol is available in Australia, Central and South America, South Africa, parts of Southeast Asia, and Western Europe, as well as Iran and the Middle East. For the 2011 model year, it was made available in North America as the upscale Infiniti QX56 (later renamed as Infiniti QX80), the first time that a Patrol-based vehicle had been sold in North America since 1969, and for the 2017 model year, it would be offered in that market as the Nissan Armada.


Performance

With a 5.6-litre V8 petrol engine powering what is to date our biggest SUV, the New Patrol is both willing and able to take you anywhere. No matter if you are cruising the city or turning down the road less travelled, Nissan reliability and raw power lie at the very heart of this Ultra-luxurious SUV. From the moment you engage the push-button engine start, you’ll hear an engine that sounds refined enough for a family SUV, but yet still excels at serious towing and tough off-roading.

This Cayenne S represents a substantial upgrade, with its 4.8-liter V8 good for 400 hp and 369 lb-ft of torque. As with every V8 Cayenne, the eight-speed automatic with auto stop/start is standard. Porsche estimates the S will hit 60 mph in 5.4 seconds. EPA-estimated fuel economy is nearly equal to the V6 at 16/22/18.

Pros

Excellent off-road handling
5.6 liter V8s
4WD
7 seater
Electronic Brakeforce Distribution (EBD)
Intelligent Cruise Control (ICC)
Cons

Average Fuel Economy
Contemporary Cabin Design
Lacks Advanced Infotainment Features